---
title: "AI Watch"
layout: post
date: 2021-12-30 22:10
tag: jekyll
headerImage: true
projects: true
hidden: true # don't count this post in blog pagination
description: "Projects"
category: project
author: johndoe
externalLink: false
---

## [AI WATCH](https://ai-watch.ec.europa.eu/index_en)

01/12/2018 – 31/12/2021

European Commission, Joint Research Centre.

Working time pattern: Full time.

Position/job title: Deputy task leader, scientific project officer.

Nature of your work: I was deputy task leader in the AI WATCH project. AI WATCH monitors a) industrial, technological and research capacity, policy initiatives in the Member States, b) uptake and technical developments of Artificial Intelligence and its impact in the economy, society, and public services. AI WATCH has provided a number of analyses necessary to monitor and facilitate the implementation of the European Strategy for AI.

AI WATCH was AA with DG CONNECT and had a 3-year budget of 2.5 M euro. The team was around 25-30 people, most of them part time, and had various methodologies and technologies involved. 

Specific role and responsibilities.
* Participate and contribute to AI WATCH project management meetings.
* Contribute to the strategic vision of AI WATCH.
* Negotiate with the stakeholders, DG CONNECT on project objectives, milestones, and deliverables. 
* Contribute to drafting technical specifications, resource planning and allocations, particularly in my task. 
* Co-lead team in charge of project activities. 
* Managing, implementing and delivery of assigned tasks. 
* Technology watch and technology evaluation. 
* Contribute to reports, analysis, and publications. 

