---
title: "Destination Earth"
layout: post
date: 2021-12-30 22:10
tag: jekyll
headerImage: true
projects: true
hidden: true # don't count this post in blog pagination
description: "Projects"
category: project
author: johndoe
externalLink: false
---




## [Destination Earth](https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/policies/destination-earth)

1/03/2019 – 30/12/2021


European Commission Joint Research Centre


Position/job title: Scientific officer, member of Destination earth project.  

Nature of your work: Destination Earth (DestinE) is the EU's flagship initiative to the twin challenge of green and digital transition. Destination Earth project have involved DGs: CNECT, DEFIS, RTD and JRC.  DestinE data lake will consist of the federation of the Copernicus, ESA, ECMWF and EUMETSAT respective data lakes. DestinE infrastructure is planned as a federated system of digital infrastructures providing scalable on- demand processing capacity based on a hybrid cloud-HPC model as well as a full Earth Observation and Green Deal data space repository (initial estimate @ ca. 150- 200 petabytes).

We have developed a proof-of-concept of a federated cloud with disturbed big data resources. The system was tested with a case study that combined Sentinel products and Edge data streams as input to a deep learning model that predicted meteorological information.

Specific role and responsibilities.
* Contribute to the management meetings and discussion on Destination earth. 
* Give advice in the negotiations with the stakeholders on project objectives, milestones, and deliverables. 
* Conceptualization of data models, architecture and building blocks.
* Analysis, assessment, and management of big data.
* Developing a AI solution for a variety of users, based on the latest IT technology stack.
* Defining and designing data integration solutions. 
* Contribute to drafting technical specifications, resource planning and allocations. 
* Managing, implementing and delivery of assigned tasks. 


